is nothing like dangling
something that hasn't been
invented yet in the face of an
engineered
because you know they can't
stand it I gotta make that the
gotta turn it into a reality
and shows like star trek another
science fiction portrayals
up today even to this day with
served I see is a kind of
stimulation
force a creativity for people
who want to invent
more back in the sixties with
Star Trek
premiered that was an error
where we were all thinking about
the city of tomorrow him
tomorrow transportation up
tomorrow
tomorrow was a daily
reflection we all carriers
I distinctly remember good okay
what drives sure we'll have that
the future %uh
little discs that Harriet
information on it put it in a
box in
speaks to you sure will do that
but doors that open just by
walking towards them
how is it not all you punch in
another happen under
soap no never listen to me
predict the future
I'll take myself out of the
running for that reason in terms
are
up the Starship Enterprise for
meeting with special
about that ship I'm seem
many science fiction movies I
haven't seen them all are seen
many
up until that point all ship's
that were in vision did
were built an occupied
to go to a destination
Starship Enterprise peddled
just was up
using multiple placed that may
have been a first
to transform your idea up space
is a is a way for me to get from
A to B to
space is a at
limitless frontier to export